comprehensive edits to chapter 0 (#42)
open-resources/dash_curriculum: tutorial/part1/chapter0_linux.md

1. **Git**
  - Git is a [version control system](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/version-control-systems/) that is used to track and manage changes to our code over time in a [repository](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-is-a-git-repository/)
  - [Learn (the basics of) Git in 15 minutes](https://youtu.be/USjZcfj8yxE)

2. **Python**
  - Python is the programming language we will use to build our applications
  - We will use various Python [libraries](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/libraries-in-python/) (such as Dash and Pandas) as the primary building blocks for our application

3. **Github**
  - Github is a cloud-based service that hosts Git repositories. We will use these cloud repositories to deploy our Dash apps.
  - You will need to [create an account on GitHub](https://github.com/signup)

## Code Editor

- **Visual Studio Code (VS Code)**
  - VS Code is a program that we will use to edit and debug our code
  - VS Code Extensions help us to code and improve productivity
  - **Note**: There are many different [IDEs](https://www.codecademy.com/article/what-is-an-ide) options but using VS Code will make for a smoother learning experience for this course

## Installing Git

> To install Git onto your computer, follow the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if Git is already installed in your Linux distribution by running `git --version` from the VS Code terminal. If you need to install it you can follow the official installation instructions:
```

- [Git - Installation](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)

## Installing Python

> Check if you already have Python installed by typing ```python --version``` in the VS Code terminal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check if you already have Python installed by typing ```python --version``` in the VS Code terminal. **Python version 3.9 or above is highly encouraged**.
```
